Added slider component documentation (#1393)
IDEMSInternational/parenting-app-ui: documentation/docs/components/slider.md

# Slider
## Example

| type      | name          |parameter_list                 |
| --------- | ------------  |---------                      |
|slider	    |slider_par_5_1 |min: 0; max: 10; step: 2       |
|slider     |slider_par_5_2 |min: 0; max: 10; step: 5       |

![](images/slider.png)

[Google Sheet Demo](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oSJHE2gq_WqgQM6NAKWBfuxCXIjcJ1k4aIUl422QK60/edit#gid=569531329)   
[Live Preview Demo](https://plh-global.web.app/template/comp_slider)

## Parameters

| Parameter             | Value                                                        | Description                                                     |
| ---------             | -----------                                                  | ---------                                                       |                              
|help                   |string                                                        | Any text for help tooltip                                       |             
|title                  |string                                                        | Any text as a title                                             |

> |min_max_value          |number                                                        | Any number as min and max values. Min should be less than max   |

Reviewer: The inputs in the first column need to be exactly the parameters in the parameter_list. The string `min_max_value` is not what you write in the parameter list, right?
```suggestion
|min        |number                                                        | Any number as min value. Min should be less than max   |
|max       |number                                                        | Any number as max value. Min should be less than max   |
```

|min_value_label        |string                                                        | A string below the minimum value                                |
|max_value_label        |string                                                        | A string below the maximum value                                |

> |min_max_value_label    |string                                                        | A string below both minimum and maximum values                  |

Reviewer: I don't think that `min_max_value_label` is a parameter?
```suggestion
```

> |min_max_step           |number                                                        | A number as a step size. This number needs to divide (max - min)|
> |min_max_step           |number                                                        | A number as a step size. This number needs to divide (max - min)|

Reviewer: `min_max_step` is not a parameter
```suggestion
|step           |number                                                        | A number as a step size. This number needs to divide (max - min)|
```

> |min_max_labels_count   |number   | A number as the number of labels to show. This labels count minus 1 needs to divide (max - min). Selection of labels in between is possible/can be done.|
> |min_max_labels_count   |number   | A number as the number of labels to show. This labels count minus 1 needs to divide (max - min). Selection of labels in between is possible/can be done.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|labels_count   |number   | A number as the number of labels to show. This labels count minus 1 needs to divide (max - min). It is possible to select values in between labels.|
```

# Slider
## Example

| type      | name          |parameter_list                 |
| --------- | ------------  |---------                      |
|slider	    |slider_par_1_1 |help:                          |
|slider     |slider_par_1_2 |help: any text for help tooltip|

![](images/slider.png)

[Google Sheet Demo](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oSJHE2gq_WqgQM6NAKWBfuxCXIjcJ1k4aIUl422QK60/edit#gid=569531329)   

> [Live Preview Demo](https://plh-teens-app1.web.app/template/comp_slider)

Reviewer: Remember to use the new weblink:
```suggestion
[Live Preview Demo](https://plh-global.web.app/template/comp_slider)
```

## Parameters

| Parameter             | Value               | Description                          |
| ---------             | -----------         | ---------                          	                                
|help                   |null (default)       | No help tooltip                      |
|help                   |string               | Any text for help tooltip            |
|min                    |0 (default)          | Minimum value on slider is 0         |

> |min                    |number               | Any number as minimum value; number 5 is selcted as the minimum value          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|min                    |number               | Any number as minimum value |
```

|max                    |7 (default)          | Maximum value on slider              |

> |max                    |number               | Any number as maximum value; number 8 is selected as the maximum value          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|max                    |number               | Any number as maximum value        |
```
